Changed whitelist to allowlist and blacklist to denylist. (#21591)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers.md

2. If the namespace lacks such an annotation, use the `clusterDefaultNodeSelector` defined in the `PodNodeSelector`
plugin configuration file as the node selector.
3. Evaluate the pod's node selector against the namespace node selector for conflicts. Conflicts result in rejection.

> 4. Evaluate the pod's node selector against the namespace-specific allowlist defined the plugin configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Evaluate the pod's node selector against the namespace-specific allowed selector defined the plugin configuration file.
```

The PodTolerationRestriction admission controller verifies any conflict between tolerations of a pod and the tolerations of its namespace.
It rejects the pod request if there is a conflict.
It then merges the tolerations annotated on the namespace into the tolerations of the pod.

> The resulting tolerations are checked against a allowlist of tolerations annotated to the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting tolerations are checked against a list of allowed tolerations annotated to the namespace.
```

If the check succeeds, the pod request is admitted otherwise it is rejected.

> If the namespace of the pod does not have any associated default tolerations or a allowlist of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the namespace of the pod does not have any associated default tolerations or allowed
```

> tolerations annotated, the cluster-level default tolerations or cluster-level allowlist of tolerations are used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tolerations annotated, the cluster-level default tolerations or cluster-level list of allowed tolerations are used
```

instead if they are specified.

Tolerations to a namespace are assigned via the `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/defaultTolerations` annotation key.

> The allowlist can be added via the `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist` annotation key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of allowed tolerations can be added via the `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist` annotation key.
```
